#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.12
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile --output-file=requirements.txt requirements.in
#
aiofiles==24.1.0
    # via gradio
aiohappyeyeballs==2.6.1
    # via aiohttp
aiohttp==3.13.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain-community
aiosignal==1.4.0
    # via aiohttp
alabaster==1.0.0
    # via sphinx
alembic==1.17.0
    # via
    #   embedchain
    #   nbgrader
altair==5.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   streamlit
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
anthropic==0.70.0
    # via -r requirements.in
anyio==4.11.0
    # via
    #   anthropic
    #   gradio
    #   httpx
    #   jupyter-server
    #   openai
    #   starlette
    #   watchfiles
anywidget==0.9.18
    # via geemap
appdirs==1.4.4
    # via yahoofinancials
appnope==0.1.4
    # via ipykernel
argon2-cffi==25.1.0
    # via jupyter-server
argon2-cffi-bindings==25.1.0
    # via argon2-cffi
arrow==1.3.0
    # via
    #   isoduration
    #   scholarly
asgiref==3.10.0
    # via opentelemetry-instrumentation-asgi
astroid==1.3.2
    # via
    #   pylint
    #   pyplantuml
asttokens==3.0.0
    # via stack-data
async-lru==2.0.5
    # via jupyterlab
attrs==25.4.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   ecmwf-datastores-client
    #   jsonschema
    #   outcome
    #   referencing
    #   trio
av==13.1.0
    # via manim
babel==2.17.0
    # via
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   mkdocs-material
    #   sphinx
backoff==2.2.1
    # via posthog
backrefs==5.9
    # via mkdocs-material
bcrypt==5.0.0
    # via chromadb
beautifulsoup4==4.14.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   embedchain
    #   manim
    #   nbconvert
    #   scholarly
    #   yahoofinancials
    #   yfinance
bibtexparser==1.4.3
    # via scholarly
bidict==0.23.1
    # via python-socketio
black==25.9.0
    # via -r requirements.in
bleach[css]==6.2.0
    # via
    #   nbconvert
    #   panel
blinker==1.9.0
    # via
    #   flask
    #   streamlit
bokeh==3.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   panel
bqplot==0.12.45
    # via geemap
branca==0.8.2
    # via
    #   folium
    #   ipyleaflet
brotli==1.1.0
    # via gradio
build==1.3.0
    # via
    #   chromadb
    #   pip-tools
cachelib==0.13.0
    # via flask-caching
cachetools==6.2.1
    # via
    #   google-auth
    #   gptcache
    #   streamlit
cantera==3.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
catboost==1.2.8
    # via -r requirements.in
cdsapi==0.7.7
    # via -r requirements.in
census==0.8.24
    # via -r requirements.in
certifi==2025.10.5
    # via
    #   curl-cffi
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   kubernetes
    #   netcdf4
    #   pyogrio
    #   pyproj
    #   requests
    #   selenium
cffi==2.0.0
    # via
    #   argon2-cffi-bindings
    #   curl-cffi
cftime==1.6.5
    # via netcdf4
charset-normalizer==3.4.4
    # via requests
chroma-hnswlib==0.7.6
    # via chromadb
chromadb==0.5.23
    # via embedchain
click==8.3.0
    # via
    #   black
    #   cloup
    #   dask
    #   flask
    #   geobuf
    #   geocoder
    #   manim
    #   mkdocs
    #   nltk
    #   otter-grader
    #   pip-tools
    #   streamlit
    #   typer
    #   uvicorn
cloudpickle==3.1.1
    # via dask
cloup==3.0.8
    # via manim
cohere==5.19.0
    # via langchain-cohere
colorama==0.4.6
    # via mkdocs-material
colorcet==3.1.0
    # via dash-leaflet
coloredlogs==15.0.1
    # via onnxruntime
comm==0.2.3
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
contourpy==1.3.3
    # via
    #   bokeh
    #   matplotlib
coverage[toml]==7.11.0
    # via
    #   nbval
    #   pytest-cov
curl-cffi==0.13.0
    # via yfinance
cycler==0.12.1
    # via matplotlib
cython==3.1.4
    # via screeninfo
dash==3.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   dash-bootstrap-components
    #   dash-extensions
    #   dash-leaflet
    #   dash-mantine-components
    #   fast-dash
dash-bootstrap-components==2.0.4
    # via fast-dash
dash-extensions==2.0.4
    # via dash-leaflet
dash-iconify==0.1.2
    # via fast-dash
dash-leaflet==1.1.3
    # via -r requirements.in
dash-mantine-components==2.3.0
    # via fast-dash
dash-socketio==1.1.1
    # via fast-dash
dash-svg==0.0.12
    # via dash-leaflet
dask[array,dataframe]==2025.10.0
    # via
    #   dask-geopandas
    #   spyndex
dask-geopandas==0.5.0
    # via -r requirements.in
dataclass-wizard==0.35.1
    # via dash-extensions
dataclasses-json==0.6.7
    # via langchain-community
debugpy==1.8.17
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.2.1
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   manim
    #   moviepy
    #   ratelim
deepcomparer==0.4.0
    # via k3d
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via nbconvert
deprecated==1.2.18
    # via scholarly
dill==0.3.9
    # via
    #   fast-dash
    #   otter-grader
diskcache==5.6.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   graphiti-core
distro==1.9.0
    # via
    #   anthropic
    #   openai
    #   posthog
docstring-parser==0.17.0
    # via
    #   anthropic
    #   fast-dash
docutils==0.21.2
    # via
    #   fica
    #   sphinx
    #   sphinx-rtd-theme
duckdb==1.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   duckdb-engine
duckdb-engine==0.17.0
    # via -r requirements.in
durationpy==0.10
    # via kubernetes
earthengine-api==1.6.12
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   eerepr
    #   geemap
ebooklib==0.19
    # via -r requirements.in
ecmwf-datastores-client==0.4.0
    # via cdsapi
editorconfig==0.17.1
    # via jsbeautifier
eerepr==0.1.2
    # via geemap
embedchain==0.1.128
    # via -r requirements.in
executing==2.2.1
    # via stack-data
fake-useragent==2.2.0
    # via scholarly
fast-dash==0.2.14
    # via -r requirements.in
fastapi==0.119.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   chromadb
    #   gradio
fastavro==1.12.1
    # via cohere
fastjsonschema==2.21.2
    # via nbformat
ffmpeg-python==0.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
ffmpy==0.6.3
    # via gradio
fica==0.4.1
    # via otter-grader
filelock==3.20.0
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   transformers
flake8==7.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
flask==3.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   dash
    #   flask-caching
    #   flask-socketio
flask-caching==2.3.1
    # via dash-extensions
flask-socketio==5.5.1
    # via fast-dash
flatbuffers==25.9.23
    # via onnxruntime
folium==0.20.0
    # via geemap
fonttools==4.60.1
    # via matplotlib
fqdn==1.5.1
    # via jsonschema
free-proxy==1.1.3
    # via scholarly
freetype-py==2.5.1
    # via
    #   p5
    #   vispy
frozendict==2.4.6
    # via
    #   yahoofinancials
    #   yfinance
frozenlist==1.8.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec==2025.9.0
    # via
    #   dask
    #   gradio-client
    #   huggingface-hub
future==1.0.0
    # via
    #   ffmpeg-python
    #   geocoder
geemap==0.36.4
    # via -r requirements.in
geobuf==2.0.0
    # via dash-leaflet
geocoder==1.38.1
    # via geemap
geopandas==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   dask-geopandas
ghp-import==2.1.0
    # via mkdocs
gitdb==4.0.12
    # via gitpython
gitpython==3.1.45
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   streamlit
glcontext==3.0.0
    # via moderngl
glfw==2.10.0
    # via p5
google-api-core==2.26.0
    # via
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-storage
google-api-python-client==2.184.0
    # via earthengine-api
google-auth==2.41.1
    # via
    #   earthengine-api
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   kubernetes
google-auth-httplib2==0.2.0
    # via
    #   earthengine-api
    #   google-api-python-client
google-cloud-core==2.4.3
    # via google-cloud-storage
google-cloud-storage==3.4.1
    # via earthengine-api
google-crc32c==1.7.1
    # via
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   google-resumable-media
google-resumable-media==2.7.2
    # via google-cloud-storage
googleapis-common-protos==1.70.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   opentelemetry-exporter-otlp-proto-grpc
gptcache==0.1.44
    # via embedchain
gradio==5.49.1
    # via -r requirements.in
gradio-client==1.13.3
    # via gradio
graphiti-core==0.22.0
    # via -r requirements.in
graphviz==0.21
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   catboost
greenlet==3.2.4
    # via playwright
groovy==0.1.2
    # via gradio
grpcio==1.75.1
    # via
    #   chromadb
    #   opentelemetry-exporter-otlp-proto-grpc
    #   qdrant-client
h11==0.16.0
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   uvicorn
    #   wsproto
h2==4.3.0
    # via httpx
h2o==3.46.0.8
    # via -r requirements.in
hf-xet==1.1.10
    # via huggingface-hub
hpack==4.1.0
    # via h2
hsluv==5.0.4
    # via vispy
httpcore==1.0.9
    # via httpx
httplib2==0.31.0
    # via
    #   earthengine-api
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
httptools==0.7.1
    # via uvicorn
httpx[http2]==0.28.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   anthropic
    #   chromadb
    #   cohere
    #   gradio
    #   gradio-client
    #   jupyterlab
    #   langsmith
    #   openai
    #   qdrant-client
    #   safehttpx
    #   scholarly
httpx-sse==0.4.0
    # via
    #   cohere
    #   langchain-community
huggingface-hub==0.35.3
    # via
    #   gradio
    #   gradio-client
    #   tokenizers
    #   transformers
humanfriendly==10.0
    # via coloredlogs
hyperframe==6.1.0
    # via h2
idna==3.11
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   jsonschema
    #   requests
    #   trio
    #   yarl
imageio==2.37.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   moviepy
imageio-ffmpeg==0.6.0
    # via moviepy
imagesize==1.4.1
    # via sphinx
importlib-metadata==8.7.0
    # via
    #   dash
    #   opentelemetry-api
    #   python-arango
importlib-resources==6.5.2
    # via chromadb
iniconfig==2.1.0
    # via pytest
ipyevents==2.0.4
    # via geemap
ipyfilechooser==0.6.0
    # via geemap
ipykernel==7.0.1
    # via
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyterlab
    #   nbval
ipylab==1.1.0
    # via otter-grader
ipyleaflet==0.20.0
    # via geemap
ipython==9.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-console
    #   nbgrader
    #   otter-grader
    #   pyvis
ipython-pygments-lexers==1.1.1
    # via ipython
ipywidgets==8.1.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   anywidget
    #   bqplot
    #   ipyevents
    #   ipyfilechooser
    #   ipylab
    #   ipyleaflet
    #   jupyter
    #   k3d
    #   nbgrader
    #   otter-grader
isoduration==20.11.0
    # via jsonschema
isosurfaces==0.1.2
    # via manim
itsdangerous==2.2.0
    # via flask
jedi==0.19.2
    # via ipython
jellyfish==1.2.1
    # via us
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via
    #   altair
    #   bokeh
    #   branca
    #   flask
    #   folium
    #   gradio
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   mkdocs
    #   mkdocs-material
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbgrader
    #   otter-grader
    #   pydeck
    #   pyvis
    #   sphinx
jiter==0.11.0
    # via
    #   anthropic
    #   openai
joblib==1.5.2
    # via
    #   nltk
    #   scikit-learn
jsbeautifier==1.15.4
    # via dash-extensions
json5==0.12.1
    # via jupyterlab-server
jsonpatch==1.33
    # via langchain-core
jsonpickle==4.1.1
    # via pyvis
jsonpointer==3.0.0
    # via
    #   jsonpatch
    #   jsonschema
jsonschema[format-nongpl]==4.25.1
    # via
    #   altair
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbformat
    #   nbgrader
jsonschema-specifications==2025.9.1
    # via jsonschema
jupyter==1.1.1
    # via -r requirements.in
jupyter-client==8.6.3
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
    #   nbgrader
    #   nbval
    #   voila
jupyter-console==6.6.3
    # via jupyter
jupyter-core==5.9.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   voila
jupyter-events==0.12.0
    # via jupyter-server
jupyter-leaflet==0.20.0
    # via ipyleaflet
jupyter-lsp==2.3.0
    # via jupyterlab
jupyter-server==2.17.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-lsp
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbgrader
    #   notebook
    #   notebook-shim
    #   voila
jupyter-server-terminals==0.5.3
    # via jupyter-server
jupyterlab==4.4.9
    # via
    #   jupyter
    #   nbgrader
    #   notebook
jupyterlab-pygments==0.3.0
    # via nbconvert
jupyterlab-server==2.27.3
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   nbgrader
    #   notebook
    #   voila
jupyterlab-widgets==3.0.15
    # via ipywidgets
jupytext==1.17.3
    # via otter-grader
k3d==2.17.0
    # via -r requirements.in
kiwisolver==1.4.9
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   vispy
kubernetes==33.1.0
    # via chromadb
langchain==0.3.27
    # via
    #   embedchain
    #   langchain-community
langchain-cohere==0.3.5
    # via embedchain
langchain-community==0.3.31
    # via
    #   embedchain
    #   langchain-experimental
langchain-core==0.3.79
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-cohere
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-experimental
    #   langchain-openai
    #   langchain-text-splitters
langchain-experimental==0.3.4
    # via langchain-cohere
langchain-openai==0.2.14
    # via embedchain
langchain-text-splitters==0.3.11
    # via langchain
langsmith==0.3.45
    # via
    #   embedchain
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
lark==1.3.0
    # via rfc3987-syntax
latexcodec==3.0.1
    # via pybtex
lightgbm==4.6.0
    # via -r requirements.in
linkify-it-py==2.0.3
    # via panel
locket==1.0.0
    # via partd
logilab-common==2.1.0
    # via
    #   astroid
    #   pylint
loguru==0.7.3
    # via -r requirements.in
lxml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ebooklib
    #   free-proxy
    #   pandas-datareader
    #   yahoofinancials
mako==1.3.10
    # via alembic
manim==0.19.0
    # via -r requirements.in
manimpango==0.6.0
    # via manim
mapbox-earcut==1.0.3
    # via manim
markdown==3.9
    # via
    #   mkdocs
    #   mkdocs-material
    #   panel
    #   pymdown-extensions
markdown-it-py==4.0.0
    # via
    #   jupytext
    #   mdit-py-plugins
    #   panel
    #   rich
markupsafe==3.0.3
    # via
    #   flask
    #   gradio
    #   jinja2
    #   mako
    #   mkdocs
    #   nbconvert
    #   werkzeug
marshmallow==3.26.1
    # via dataclasses-json
matplotlib==3.10.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   catboost
    #   fast-dash
    #   geemap
    #   pyvista
    #   seaborn
    #   spyndex
    #   vtk
matplotlib-inline==0.1.7
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mccabe==0.7.0
    # via flake8
mdit-py-plugins==0.5.0
    # via
    #   jupytext
    #   panel
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
mem0ai==0.1.115
    # via embedchain
mergedeep==1.3.4
    # via
    #   mkdocs
    #   mkdocs-get-deps
mistune==3.1.4
    # via nbconvert
mkdocs==1.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   mkdocs-material
mkdocs-get-deps==0.2.0
    # via mkdocs
mkdocs-material==9.6.22
    # via -r requirements.in
mkdocs-material-extensions==1.3.1
    # via mkdocs-material
mmh3==5.2.0
    # via chromadb
moderngl==5.12.0
    # via
    #   manim
    #   moderngl-window
moderngl-window==3.1.1
    # via manim
monotonic==1.6
    # via posthog
more-itertools==10.8.0
    # via dash-extensions
moviepy==2.2.1
    # via -r requirements.in
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via sympy
msgpack==1.1.2
    # via k3d
multidict==6.7.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
multitasking==0.0.12
    # via yfinance
multiurl==0.3.7
    # via ecmwf-datastores-client
mypy==1.18.2
    # via -r requirements.in
mypy-extensions==1.1.0
    # via
    #   black
    #   logilab-common
    #   mypy
    #   typing-inspect
narwhals==2.8.0
    # via
    #   altair
    #   bokeh
nbclient==0.10.2
    # via
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbgrader
    #   voila
nbconvert[webpdf]==7.16.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbgrader
    #   otter-grader
    #   voila
nbformat==5.10.4
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupytext
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbval
    #   otter-grader
nbgrader==0.9.5
    # via -r requirements.in
nbval==0.11.0
    # via -r requirements.in
neo4j==6.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   graphiti-core
nest-asyncio==1.6.0
    # via
    #   dash
    #   ipykernel
netcdf4==1.7.3
    # via -r requirements.in
networkx==3.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   manim
    #   pyvis
nltk==3.9.2
    # via -r requirements.in
notebook==7.4.7
    # via
    #   jupyter
    #   nbgrader
notebook-shim==0.2.4
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
numpy==2.2.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   bokeh
    #   bqplot
    #   cantera
    #   catboost
    #   cftime
    #   chroma-hnswlib
    #   chromadb
    #   contourpy
    #   dask
    #   folium
    #   geemap
    #   geopandas
    #   gptcache
    #   gradio
    #   graphiti-core
    #   imageio
    #   isosurfaces
    #   k3d
    #   langchain-community
    #   lightgbm
    #   manim
    #   mapbox-earcut
    #   matplotlib
    #   moderngl-window
    #   moviepy
    #   netcdf4
    #   onnxruntime
    #   opencv-python
    #   p5
    #   pandas
    #   pydeck
    #   pyogrio
    #   pyvista
    #   qdrant-client
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   seaborn
    #   shapely
    #   streamlit
    #   transformers
    #   vispy
    #   xarray
    #   xgboost
    #   yfinance
oauthlib==3.3.1
    # via
    #   kubernetes
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   tweepy
onnxruntime==1.23.1
    # via chromadb
openai==1.109.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   embedchain
    #   graphiti-core
    #   langchain-openai
    #   mem0ai
opencv-python==4.12.0.88
    # via -r requirements.in
opentelemetry-api==1.38.0
    # via
    #   chromadb
    #   opentelemetry-exporter-otlp-proto-grpc
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-asgi
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-fastapi
    #   opentelemetry-sdk
    #   opentelemetry-semantic-conventions
opentelemetry-exporter-otlp-proto-common==1.38.0
    # via opentelemetry-exporter-otlp-proto-grpc
opentelemetry-exporter-otlp-proto-grpc==1.38.0
    # via chromadb
opentelemetry-instrumentation==0.59b0
    # via
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-asgi
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-fastapi
opentelemetry-instrumentation-asgi==0.59b0
    # via opentelemetry-instrumentation-fastapi
opentelemetry-instrumentation-fastapi==0.59b0
    # via chromadb
opentelemetry-proto==1.38.0
    # via
    #   opentelemetry-exporter-otlp-proto-common
    #   opentelemetry-exporter-otlp-proto-grpc
opentelemetry-sdk==1.38.0
    # via
    #   chromadb
    #   opentelemetry-exporter-otlp-proto-grpc
opentelemetry-semantic-conventions==0.59b0
    # via
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-asgi
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-fastapi
    #   opentelemetry-sdk
opentelemetry-util-http==0.59b0
    # via
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-asgi
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation-fastapi
orjson==3.11.3
    # via
    #   chromadb
    #   gradio
    #   langsmith
otter-grader==6.1.6
    # via -r requirements.in
outcome==1.3.0.post0
    # via
    #   trio
    #   trio-websocket
overrides==7.7.0
    # via chromadb
p5==0.7.1
    # via -r requirements.in
packaging==25.0
    # via
    #   altair
    #   black
    #   bokeh
    #   build
    #   dask
    #   dask-geopandas
    #   duckdb-engine
    #   geopandas
    #   gradio
    #   gradio-client
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   jupytext
    #   langchain-core
    #   langsmith
    #   marshmallow
    #   matplotlib
    #   mkdocs
    #   nbconvert
    #   onnxruntime
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation
    #   panel
    #   plotly
    #   pooch
    #   pyogrio
    #   pytest
    #   python-arango
    #   sphinx
    #   streamlit
    #   transformers
    #   vispy
    #   xarray
paginate==0.5.7
    # via mkdocs-material
pandas==2.3.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   bokeh
    #   bqplot
    #   catboost
    #   dask
    #   fast-dash
    #   geemap
    #   geopandas
    #   gradio
    #   langchain-cohere
    #   otter-grader
    #   pandas-datareader
    #   panel
    #   seaborn
    #   spyndex
    #   streamlit
    #   streamlit-aggrid
    #   xarray
    #   yfinance
pandas-datareader==0.10.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pandocfilters==1.5.1
    # via nbconvert
panel==1.8.2
    # via -r requirements.in
param==2.2.1
    # via
    #   panel
    #   pyviz-comms
parso==0.8.5
    # via jedi
partd==1.4.2
    # via dask
pathspec==0.12.1
    # via
    #   black
    #   mkdocs
    #   mypy
peewee==3.18.2
    # via
    #   yahoofinancials
    #   yfinance
pexpect==4.9.0
    # via ipython
pillow==11.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   bokeh
    #   fast-dash
    #   gradio
    #   imageio
    #   manim
    #   matplotlib
    #   moderngl-window
    #   moviepy
    #   p5
    #   pyvista
    #   streamlit
pip-tools==7.5.1
    # via -r requirements.in
platformdirs==4.5.0
    # via
    #   black
    #   jupyter-core
    #   mkdocs-get-deps
    #   pooch
    #   yfinance
playwright==1.55.0
    # via nbconvert
plotly==5.15.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   catboost
    #   dash
    #   geemap
pluggy==1.6.0
    # via
    #   pytest
    #   pytest-cov
pooch==1.8.2
    # via pyvista
portalocker==3.2.0
    # via qdrant-client
posthog==3.25.0
    # via
    #   chromadb
    #   embedchain
    #   graphiti-core
    #   mem0ai
proglog==0.1.12
    # via moviepy
prometheus-client==0.23.1
    # via jupyter-server
prompt-toolkit==3.0.52
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
propcache==0.4.1
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
proto-plus==1.26.1
    # via google-api-core
protobuf==6.33.0
    # via
    #   dash-leaflet
    #   geobuf
    #   google-api-core
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   onnxruntime
    #   opentelemetry-proto
    #   proto-plus
    #   qdrant-client
    #   streamlit
    #   yfinance
psutil==7.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
psygnal==0.15.0
    # via anywidget
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via
    #   pexpect
    #   terminado
pure-eval==0.2.3
    # via stack-data
pyarrow==21.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   dask
    #   spyndex
    #   streamlit
pyasn1==0.6.1
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.4.2
    # via google-auth
pybtex==0.25.1
    # via -r requirements.in
pycairo==1.28.0
    # via manim
pycodestyle==2.14.0
    # via flake8
pycparser==2.23
    # via cffi
pydantic==2.11.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   anthropic
    #   chromadb
    #   cohere
    #   dash-extensions
    #   fastapi
    #   gradio
    #   graphiti-core
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-cohere
    #   langchain-core
    #   langsmith
    #   mem0ai
    #   openai
    #   pydantic-settings
    #   python-on-whales
    #   qdrant-client
pydantic-core==2.33.2
    # via
    #   cohere
    #   pydantic
pydantic-settings==2.11.0
    # via langchain-community
pydeck==0.9.1
    # via streamlit
pydot==4.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
pydub==0.25.1
    # via
    #   gradio
    #   manim
pyee==13.0.0
    # via playwright
pyflakes==3.4.0
    # via flake8
pyglet==2.1.9
    # via moderngl-window
pyglm==2.8.2
    # via moderngl-window
pygments==2.19.2
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   ipython-pygments-lexers
    #   jupyter-console
    #   manim
    #   mkdocs-material
    #   nbconvert
    #   pytest
    #   rich
    #   sphinx
pyjwt==2.10.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   python-arango
pylint==1.4.0
    # via pyplantuml
pymdown-extensions==10.16.1
    # via mkdocs-material
pymupdf==1.26.5
    # via -r requirements.in
pyobjc-core==11.1
    # via pyobjc-framework-cocoa
pyobjc-framework-cocoa==11.1
    # via screeninfo
pyogrio==0.11.1
    # via geopandas
pyopengl==3.1.10
    # via p5
pyopengl-accelerate==3.1.10
    # via p5
pyparsing==3.2.5
    # via
    #   bibtexparser
    #   httplib2
    #   matplotlib
    #   pydot
    #   rdflib
pypdf==5.9.0
    # via embedchain
pyperclip==1.11.0
    # via geemap
pypika==0.48.9
    # via chromadb
pyplantuml==0.1.51
    # via -r requirements.in
pyproj==3.7.2
    # via geopandas
pyproject-hooks==1.2.0
    # via
    #   build
    #   pip-tools
pyreadline3==3.5.4
    # via fast-dash
pysbd==0.3.4
    # via embedchain
pyshp==3.0.2.post1
    # via geemap
pysocks==1.7.1
    # via
    #   requests
    #   urllib3
pytest==8.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nbval
    #   pytest-asyncio
    #   pytest-cov
pytest-asyncio==1.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pytest-cov==7.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
python-arango==8.2.2
    # via -r requirements.in
python-box==7.3.2
    # via
    #   geemap
    #   spyndex
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   arrow
    #   ghp-import
    #   jupyter-client
    #   kubernetes
    #   matplotlib
    #   multiurl
    #   nbgrader
    #   pandas
    #   posthog
python-decouple==3.8
    # via streamlit-aggrid
python-dotenv==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   embedchain
    #   graphiti-core
    #   moviepy
    #   pydantic-settings
    #   scholarly
    #   uvicorn
python-engineio==4.12.3
    # via python-socketio
python-json-logger==4.0.0
    # via jupyter-events
python-multipart==0.0.20
    # via gradio
python-on-whales==0.78.0
    # via otter-grader
python-socketio==5.14.2
    # via flask-socketio
pytokens==0.2.0
    # via black
pytz==2025.2
    # via
    #   mem0ai
    #   multiurl
    #   neo4j
    #   pandas
    #   yahoofinancials
    #   yfinance
pyvis==0.3.2
    # via -r requirements.in
pyvista==0.46.3
    # via -r requirements.in
pyviz-comms==3.0.6
    # via panel
pywebio==1.8.4
    # via -r requirements.in
pyyaml==6.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   bokeh
    #   chromadb
    #   dash-leaflet
    #   dask
    #   fica
    #   gradio
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupytext
    #   kubernetes
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
    #   mkdocs
    #   mkdocs-get-deps
    #   nbgrader
    #   otter-grader
    #   pybtex
    #   pymdown-extensions
    #   pyyaml-env-tag
    #   transformers
    #   uvicorn
pyyaml-env-tag==1.1
    # via mkdocs
pyzmq==27.1.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
qdrant-client==1.15.1
    # via mem0ai
rapidfuzz==3.14.1
    # via nbgrader
ratelim==0.1.6
    # via geocoder
rdflib==7.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   sparqlwrapper
redis==7.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
referencing==0.37.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
    #   jupyter-events
regex==2025.9.18
    # via
    #   nltk
    #   tiktoken
    #   transformers
requests[socks]==2.32.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cdsapi
    #   census
    #   cohere
    #   dash
    #   earthengine-api
    #   ecmwf-datastores-client
    #   folium
    #   free-proxy
    #   geocoder
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   gptcache
    #   h2o
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   kubernetes
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langsmith
    #   mkdocs-material
    #   multiurl
    #   nbgrader
    #   otter-grader
    #   p5
    #   pandas-datareader
    #   panel
    #   pooch
    #   posthog
    #   python-arango
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   requests-toolbelt
    #   scholarly
    #   sphinx
    #   spyndex
    #   streamlit
    #   tiktoken
    #   transformers
    #   tweepy
    #   yahoofinancials
    #   yfinance
requests-oauthlib==2.0.0
    # via
    #   kubernetes
    #   tweepy
requests-toolbelt==1.0.0
    # via
    #   langsmith
    #   python-arango
retrying==1.4.2
    # via dash
rfc3339-validator==0.1.4
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rfc3986-validator==0.1.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rfc3987-syntax==1.1.0
    # via jsonschema
rich==13.9.4
    # via
    #   chromadb
    #   embedchain
    #   manim
    #   typer
roman-numerals-py==3.1.0
    # via sphinx
rpds-py==0.27.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
rsa==4.9.1
    # via google-auth
ruamel-yaml==0.18.15
    # via cantera
ruamel-yaml-clib==0.2.14
    # via ruamel-yaml
ruff==0.14.0
    # via gradio
safehttpx==0.1.6
    # via gradio
safetensors==0.6.2
    # via transformers
schema==0.7.8
    # via embedchain
scholarly==1.7.11
    # via -r requirements.in
scikit-learn==1.7.2
    # via -r requirements.in
scipy==1.16.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   catboost
    #   lightgbm
    #   manim
    #   scikit-learn
    #   xgboost
scooby==0.10.2
    # via
    #   geemap
    #   pyvista
screeninfo==0.8.1
    # via manim
seaborn==0.13.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   spyndex
selenium==4.36.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   scholarly
semantic-version==2.10.0
    # via gradio
send2trash==1.8.3
    # via jupyter-server
shapely==2.1.2
    # via
    #   dask-geopandas
    #   geopandas
shellingham==1.5.4
    # via typer
simple-websocket==1.1.0
    # via python-engineio
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   astroid
    #   catboost
    #   ebooklib
    #   geobuf
    #   geocoder
    #   jsbeautifier
    #   kubernetes
    #   posthog
    #   pylint
    #   python-dateutil
    #   rfc3339-validator
skia-pathops==0.8.0.post2
    # via manim
smmap==5.0.2
    # via gitdb
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   anthropic
    #   anyio
    #   openai
    #   trio
snowballstemmer==3.0.1
    # via sphinx
sortedcontainers==2.4.0
    # via trio
soupsieve==2.8
    # via beautifulsoup4
sparqlwrapper==2.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
sphinx==8.2.3
    # via
    #   fica
    #   sphinx-rtd-theme
    #   sphinxcontrib-jquery
sphinx-rtd-theme==3.0.2
    # via scholarly
sphinxcontrib-applehelp==2.0.0
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-devhelp==2.0.0
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-htmlhelp==2.1.0
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-jquery==4.1
    # via sphinx-rtd-theme
sphinxcontrib-jsmath==1.0.1
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-qthelp==2.0.0
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-serializinghtml==2.0.0
    # via sphinx
spyndex==0.8.0
    # via -r requirements.in
sqlalchemy==2.0.44
    # via
    #   alembic
    #   duckdb-engine
    #   embedchain
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   mem0ai
    #   nbgrader
srt==3.5.3
    # via manim
stack-data==0.6.3
    # via ipython
starlette==0.48.0
    # via
    #   fastapi
    #   gradio
streamlit==1.50.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   streamlit-aggrid
streamlit-aggrid==1.1.9
    # via -r requirements.in
svgelements==1.9.6
    # via manim
sympy==1.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   onnxruntime
tabulate==0.9.0
    # via
    #   h2o
    #   langchain-cohere
tenacity==9.1.2
    # via
    #   chromadb
    #   graphiti-core
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
    #   plotly
    #   streamlit
terminado==0.18.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-server-terminals
threadpoolctl==3.6.0
    # via scikit-learn
tiktoken==0.12.0
    # via langchain-openai
tinycss2==1.4.0
    # via bleach
tokenizers==0.20.3
    # via
    #   chromadb
    #   cohere
    #   transformers
toml==0.10.2
    # via streamlit
tomlkit==0.13.3
    # via gradio
toolz==1.0.0
    # via
    #   dask
    #   partd
tornado==6.5.2
    # via
    #   bokeh
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
    #   pywebio
    #   streamlit
    #   terminado
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via
    #   cdsapi
    #   chromadb
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   manim
    #   multiurl
    #   nltk
    #   openai
    #   panel
    #   proglog
    #   transformers
traitlets==5.14.3
    # via
    #   bqplot
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-core
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   k3d
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   traittypes
    #   voila
traittypes==0.2.1
    # via
    #   bqplot
    #   ipyleaflet
    #   k3d
transformers==4.46.3
    # via -r requirements.in
trio==0.31.0
    # via
    #   selenium
    #   trio-websocket
trio-websocket==0.12.2
    # via selenium
tweepy==4.16.0
    # via -r requirements.in
typer==0.19.2
    # via
    #   chromadb
    #   gradio
types-python-dateutil==2.9.0.20251008
    # via arrow
types-requests==2.32.4.20250913
    # via cohere
typing-extensions==4.15.0
    # via
    #   aiosignal
    #   alembic
    #   altair
    #   anthropic
    #   anyio
    #   anywidget
    #   beautifulsoup4
    #   chromadb
    #   cohere
    #   dash
    #   dataclass-wizard
    #   ecmwf-datastores-client
    #   fastapi
    #   gradio
    #   gradio-client
    #   grpcio
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain-core
    #   logilab-common
    #   manim
    #   mypy
    #   openai
    #   opentelemetry-api
    #   opentelemetry-exporter-otlp-proto-grpc
    #   opentelemetry-sdk
    #   opentelemetry-semantic-conventions
    #   panel
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   pyee
    #   pytest-asyncio
    #   python-on-whales
    #   pyvista
    #   referencing
    #   scholarly
    #   selenium
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   starlette
    #   streamlit
    #   typer
    #   typing-inspect
    #   typing-inspection
typing-inspect==0.9.0
    # via dataclasses-json
typing-inspection==0.4.2
    # via
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-settings
tzdata==2025.2
    # via pandas
ua-parser==1.0.1
    # via user-agents
ua-parser-builtins==0.18.0.post1
    # via ua-parser
uc-micro-py==1.0.3
    # via linkify-it-py
uri-template==1.3.0
    # via jsonschema
uritemplate==4.2.0
    # via google-api-python-client
urllib3[socks]==2.5.0
    # via
    #   kubernetes
    #   python-arango
    #   qdrant-client
    #   requests
    #   selenium
    #   types-requests
us==3.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
user-agents==2.2.0
    # via pywebio
uvicorn[standard]==0.37.0
    # via
    #   chromadb
    #   gradio
uvloop==0.21.0
    # via uvicorn
vispy==0.15.2
    # via p5
voila==0.5.11
    # via -r requirements.in
vtk==9.5.2
    # via pyvista
watchdog==6.0.0
    # via
    #   manim
    #   mkdocs
watchfiles==1.1.1
    # via uvicorn
wcwidth==0.2.14
    # via prompt-toolkit
webcolors==24.11.1
    # via jsonschema
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   tinycss2
websocket-client==1.9.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   kubernetes
    #   selenium
websockets==15.0.1
    # via
    #   gradio-client
    #   uvicorn
    #   voila
    #   yfinance
werkzeug==3.1.3
    # via
    #   dash
    #   flask
wheel==0.45.1
    # via pip-tools
widgetsnbextension==4.0.14
    # via ipywidgets
wrapt==1.17.3
    # via
    #   deprecated
    #   opentelemetry-instrumentation
    #   otter-grader
wsproto==1.2.0
    # via
    #   simple-websocket
    #   trio-websocket
xarray==2025.10.1
    # via spyndex
xgboost==3.0.5
    # via -r requirements.in
xyzservices==2025.4.0
    # via
    #   bokeh
    #   folium
    #   ipyleaflet
yahoofinancials==1.20
    # via -r requirements.in
yarl==1.22.0
    # via aiohttp
yfinance==0.2.66
    # via -r requirements.in
zipp==3.23.0
    # via importlib-metadata
zstandard==0.23.0
    # via langsmith

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# pip
# setuptools
